🚀 Production release 4.3.0 (#1011)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/troubleshooting.md

Due to these two issues, it is recommended you use a proxy application such as [Nginx](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/deployment/optional-software/nginx-proxy.md), [Caddy](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/deployment/optional-software/caddy-proxy.md), [HAProxy](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/deployment/optional-software/haproxy-proxy.md), Apache, Traefik, or many others to handle your edge routing to Strapi. There are settings in the environment [server.json](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/required/server.md) to handle upstream proxies. The proxy block requires all settings to be filled out and will modify any backend plugins such as authentication providers and the upload plugin to replace your standard `localhost:1337` with the proxy URL.

## Can I use TypeScript in a Strapi project?

TypeScript is supported in Strapi projects from v4.2.0-beta.1 TypeScript code examples are available throughout the core Developer Documentation and a [dedicated TypeScript support page](/developer-docs/latest/development/typescript.md).

## Is X feature available yet?

> You can see the [ProductBoard roadmap](https://feedback.strapi.io/) to see which feature requests are currently being worked on and which have not been started yet.

Author: ```suggestion
You can see the [public roadmap](https://feedback.strapi.io/) to see which feature requests are currently being worked on and which have not been started yet, and to add new feature requests.
```
